Adding a Prerequisites section to EmailAskUser (#7161)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/Scripts/script-EmailAskUser_README.md

## Outputs
---
There are no outputs for this script.

## Prerequisites
---

> Requires an instance of one of the email integrations: Gmail, MS grpah mail, EWS, POP3, Mail sender .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires an instance of one of the email integrations: Gmail, Microsoft Graph Mail, EWS Mail Sender, POP3, Mail Sender.
```
